# Answers for Assignment 5

13. For an HTML document, you can only have one <head> and one <body> element for a single page. The head contains all of the metadata for the HTML document. It defines the document's title, the character set, the styles, description, author, language and more. It is not displayed in the browser. The body element defines the document's body. It contains all of contents, such as the headings, paragraphs, photos, and lists. This is the content that will actually be displayed in the browser.

14. The difference between structural markup and semantic markup is that the structural markup is embedding the actual information about the structure of the documents, such as what the headers are, what goes into the lists, and where the breaks are. The semantic markup focuses on reinforcing the meaning within the information of the document. This includes emphasis on specific word, adding citations, or defining new words.

15. The work cycle was pretty straight-forward for this assignment. After going through the website and doing the readings, I came back into Moodle. I took lots of notes in a Word document for the new information that I learned, with little snippets of code, so it was easy to change those snips into what I needed. I first setup my file structure, including the different folders I needed. Next, I imported my photo into the images folder. I added the main 4 elements into my index, then wrote all of the text first, before adding the semantic markup into the file. I added comments last, which I shouldn't really do. I should be writing those as I go. In the assignment, in the future, it would've been cool to make the website longer so we could add links to further down the same page, but with the current length I can see how this would be difficult. I didn't really have any problems with putting together this website. I just want to make my code as clean as possible, so I've been fidgeting with that.
