# Answers for Assignment 7

13. There are a few differences between divs, classes, ids, and spans. First off, ids are used to uniquely label an element. This will have the id attribute with a unique identifier to that element. Each id should be different from all other ids. In comparison, classes are attributes used to label and identify elements, but groups similar types together. This is to group together for easy styling. Divs are block-level elements that are used to group other elements together. They wrap content together to easily be styled by CSS and help structure the page. In comparison, spans are the inline equivalent of the div element. They do not create full-width blocks, unlike the div, and can be used to style individual or small groups of words within a larger body of text.

14. Alt text is a description of a photo that is used for screen readers or if a photo cannot load. We use it for those who are visually impaired, so they can experience the website like any other person, as well as if the web server cannot deliver the image in question, so the user knows what was supposed to be there.

15. For this work cycle, I did all of the online reading first, to get a good foundation of the new material. The only reading question I had is whether or not we are going to do anything with the knowledge on Flash animations. After the reading, I opened up Atom and started getting my file structure together. I made my two folders and then the index and readme pages. Next, I gathered my album art online, as well as the mart logo files. One I had all needed files, I put together the DOCTYPE declaration and started on the head. Once I made the head elements, I added my meta info and moved in the styling from the website. Now that my head was done, I made the body and added all of my divs. This was really nice to be able to set up structure from the get-go like this, more than just the comments I use. Putting the image in was easy, since we have done this before. With the audio track, SoundCloud puts so much extra little bits of code in their Iframe, so I tried to clean it up a bit, and made the frame slightly smaller to fit the page better. Google made getting the Youtube video, as well as the integrated maps, pretty easy to just copy and paste the code. I tried to go back to understand each part. Adding the lyrics was the most boring part, as making sure the line breaks were in there sucked. With the video element, I wasn't sure about the codecs, so I didn't list any. I'm not sure if this works 100%, but it worked for me currently. We'll see if it still works once it's uploading in Git. Mostly, I just want to discuss Codecs more and maybe discuss your choices for the pre-made styles.
