# Answers for Assignment 12

13. My "imaginary client" was my girlfriend! She owns her own bakery and I've always thought about making her a website, so I decided to make her my client. For her site, her needs included photos of baked goods so customers can see what she's making, services with prices for what's on her menu, about us page so customers can learn more about her business, and a contact page for getting in contact with customers!

14. The difference between block, inline, and inline-block are that inline forces the elements to only take up as much horizontal space as needed and does not force new lines between the elements. This creates flow with the content and you cannot change the vertical distance between themselves and other elements. Inline-block is similar to inline, but forces elements to respect margin and vertical spacing properties. Block forces new lines.

15. I finally got the freaking navigation down! The concepts are making so much more sense and I am way prouder of this site than my last one. I started off just making all of my folders and getting my placeholder text and photos together. I made all of my pages and started with putting all of the necessary elements and meta-info together. Then... the troublesome task of making my navigation. I tried to follow closely along with the navigation on the website so it wouldn't get messed up. It helped that I'm finally understanding spacing better. Once I made one nav, I moved it into all of the pages. It was nice that you only have to style once! Once I made and styled my navigation, I moved onto the main content. This took way less time and I styled it so the photo would float to the right and I wouldn't have to update the styles for any of the pages. I pasted all of the placeholders in. Lastly, I made my form, using similar HTML to assignment 6. The concepts are finally starting to come together. From this assignment, I don't have any questions or concerns. It took a bit of time, but I spaced it out over a couple of days and it worked well!
