# Answers for Assignment 6

13. Many of the forms that I've encountered while browsing the web are used to collect data on the person accessing the site. For example, on many sites, like Hoka One One, there's a popup form asking you to enter your email to receive a coupon. This will put you into a mailing list. Many use mailing lists, then into CRMs, to track the users of their site and send out communications to those who are likely to come back. Other forms, like on the DMV, allow you to re-up on your car registration without going into the physical DMV. These types of electronic forms allow people to save time by not visiting the actual location. Lastly, forms like Google allow web surfers to find what the answers that they are looking for, while also tracking web behaviors. For the most part, forms serve to collect information about the web surfer or their habits.

14. Example of text boxes are like name, phone number, zip code, address, and other personal information. These examples could be used on any form that serves to collect information about the user to be used later. Selection boxes are useful for fields like the state the user lives in, college major selection, or the year a person was born in. We use these in our application for the applicant to choose their major. The state dropdown is fairly common on most forms. In cases where a date text box isn't used, the dropdown allows easy access to scroll through. Lastly, with button inputs, examples would be what year you are in school, the sex of the individual, or selecting what size of pizza you want from a delivery site. Most pizza sites use radio for pizza size, sauce type, and crust type. Many forms on the school website would be interested in the year a student is in school. The sex radio button is common on most forms.

15. My work cycle for this document was a bit more straight forward than the last. I did improve that I commented while going. I first went through all of the website material, taking notes on the sites and the readings. Next, I created my directory, with all folders and files needed. It felt redundant to add the images folder, as I didn't even use a image for my button, so it wasn't actually needed, but I left it. I created the four main elements and the meta elements. I added my header and then started the main contact section. I did this part pretty linearly, one piece at a time. Same with the table, I did the content first, then added the styles after. I was back and forth with the form section, as I would forget to add labels, then go back, then add the fieldset and legends after. I did the more basic stuff first, then did the accessibility and grouping after the questions. Now I'm doing the README! The labels confused me a little, but the book helped explain them better. The main question I have is whether the text in the forms needs to go in < P > or not. Some examples had them in the paragraph element and some didn't so this I was unsure of. The rest was pretty straight forward. These are getting longer!
