# Answers for assignment 8

13. My experience learning HTML was awesome. I thought that I already knew a fair amount about HTML, but boy, I was wrong. All of the iFrames and a lot of the structural information was new to me. The most difficult thing to me was building the forms with all of the various lines and labels. It was more cumbersome than difficult. Most of the basic information on text and images I already knew, but I expanded on my use of links and videos. Forms were completely new to me, as well. It was all interesting to me. This section was awesome. A good mix or new and old.

14. I'm super excited to start styling with CSS. Styling in the HTML document made it very long. I seemed to also struggle just with spacing and having to use breaks to help space out my webpages. I have never learned CSS, so it will all be new to me.

15. This work cycle was hard! I created all of the folders and HTML documents for my website first. I then added the main document elements and meta info to each pages, copying and pasting what I could. I then made the Nav for each page, which was slightly difficult as it was the first time I did it. The way we put it in a list is kind of strange, but I understand it for the purposes of accessibility. Past that, I struggled to find a topic to cover in my Instructable. So, I started making my Contact page before I even knew the topic. This came pretty easy and I tried to make it similar to the contact page from the earlier assignment. The form wasn't too bad and I was excited when I linked the submit button back into the homepage. The Google Map was my example of the Iframe and it was a good decision to fit on the contact page. Next, I finally found my topic and started on the homepage. I structured everything out first with divs so I could try to keep it nice and clean. I went to take my photos and had to use paint to make the size smaller. There was a lot of trying out styling and then having to redo parts of the page, like with trying to make the images look nice and nested near the instructions. I liked using the classes to make colorful stripes on the page. Lastly, the about page came super easy since it was just a text page with nothing special. Mostly, I just want to learn more about spacing, but I'm assuming that will come in CSS. Overall, this was a super fun assignment once I finally found my topic!
