# Answers for Final

13. I learned a lot in this class about web development! I didn't use too much version control, but using GitHub was absolutely amazing. I had used GitHub here and there for very basic tasks, but the combination of GitHub and Atom to hold the repositories was great for organization. My repositories are also set up really well now, with the use of specific folders. Overall, this was super informative.

14. I knew a good amount of HTML before this class, but absolutely nothing about CSS. This class was great for learning new things about web designs. I learned lots about using fonts that go well together and basically everything I learned about color was new. Finding a color palette with complimentary colors was a great change for me. Also, Iframes are the G.O.A.T. and Google makes them super easy to use!

15. My work cycle for this assignment was very similar to that of assignment 12. First off, I gameplanned on what I was going to do this site on. I landed on my candle business, as nothing else came to mind. I gathered some old photos I had and started making my repository. I got all of my folders together and started making my pages. I used a lot of code from my previous assignments to make this easier, such as the navigation from assignment 12. I got the basic info on each page and then the navigation. I then styled the navigation and the basic webpage. After that, I put the text and the images/media on each page in order to fill it up. I used styling to make it look better after. Lastly, I just double-checked to make sure that everything is how I wanted it to look. The practice-makes-perfect aspect of this class has really worked, because I am super proud of this website. The only thing I wish I had was more text for each page, but it was really hard to brainstorm content. Overall, this was awesome.
