# Answers for Assignment 10

13. The difference between a system font, web font, and web-safe font starts with where they are located. System fonts are already installed on local device systems, but they aren't great to use on websites, as they aren't set up for the web. They will be exported as images, limiting assistive technology. Web fonts are customs fonts hosted on a server and 65% of sites use them. They are optimized for web but aren't full-proof, as they have to be downloaded, increases load time. Web-safe fonts are those that are available on both Windows and Apple computers. The client should already have the font, so this will reduce load time and may increase performance.

14. It is very important to have fallback fonts. In the chance that the preferred font isn't available, you still want to have control on how the client is seeing what is on the website. Hopefully, if one isn't available, the second will be. If the second does load, it will allow the developer to still style this text instead of using the browsers default font. At the very least, if you say serif or sans serif, you can have you preference.

15. My work cycle for this assignment was pretty straight-forward. I started up my assignment 10 folder and added my subfolders and files. I set up the meta info and then set up the divs to create a form of structure. From here, I searched for my piece to use on the site and moved it into the html file. I had to manually add the line breaks to what the website looked like. I then moved the title, author, and more information link into the page. From here, I needed to start on my styles. I started on my basic all page styling to put the info in the center of the page and used Coolors to find a basic background color. From here, I just Fontpair.co to find a pairing of fonts to use for my webpage. I downloaded them and chose to self-host, just for ease of the assignment and it was more easily available to download. I imported the fonts into my style sheet and then lastly added my pseudos. I think that increasing the size of the first letter for the paragraphs helps add emphasis to the different sections of the page. Bolding when hovering on the link was a basic way to add a cool hover effect. I didn't have any real problems or questions for this assignment! Fonts are fun and pairing will be a challenge!
